Reorganize docs for the configuration file (#3337)
detekt/detekt: docs/pages/configurations.md

To read about all supported rule sets and rules, use the side navigation `Rule Sets`.

### Path Filters / Excludes / Includes

> Fine grained path filters can be defined for each rule or rule set.
> This gives the user more freedom in analyzing only specific files
> and rule authors the ability to write *library only* rules.
> 
> Be aware that detekt now expects globing patterns instead of regular expressions!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fine grained path filters can be defined for each rule or rule set through globing patterns.
This gives the user more freedom in analyzing only specific files
and rule authors the ability to write *library only* rules.
```

    includes: ['**/internal/util/NeedsToBeChecked.kt']
```

## Build failure

> _detekt_ supports the option to fail your build if a threshold of code smell issues is met.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

_Detekt_ supports the option to fail your build if a threshold of code smell issues is met.
```

Author: We have  a mix and match of  `Detekt` and `detekt` across the documentation and README.md though, have we agreed upon preferring `Detekt`?

Reviewer 2: Not sure though. However, this is the beginning of a sentence. Hence, it starts with one capital letter.

    includes: ['**/internal/util/NeedsToBeChecked.kt']
```

## Build failure

> The JSON Schema is currently not automatically generated. It can be updated manually [on this repository](https://github.com/SchemaStore/schemastore).

Reviewer: This line is at the bottom of the file too. And I think that it should be at the bottom is the correct place.

        # - 'KtFileCountProcessor'
```

## Config JSON Schema

A JSON Schema for the config file is available on: [json.schemastore.org/detekt](https://json.schemastore.org/detekt).

> You can configured your IDE (e.g. IntelliJ or Android Studio have built-in support)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure your IDE (e.g. IntelliJ or Android Studio have built-in support)
```

to use that schema to give you **autocompletion** capabilities on your config file.
More details on the IntelliJ support are available

> [at this page](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/ruby/yaml.html#remote_json).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[on this page](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/ruby/yaml.html#remote_json).
```

        # - 'KtFileCountProcessor'
```

## Config JSON Schema

A JSON Schema for the config file is available on: [json.schemastore.org/detekt](https://json.schemastore.org/detekt).

You can configured your IDE (e.g. IntelliJ or Android Studio have built-in support)
to use that schema to give you **autocompletion** capabilities on your config file.
More details on the IntelliJ support are available
[at this page](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/ruby/yaml.html#remote_json).

![JSON Schema validator on IntelliJ](../images/json_schema_validator_intellij.png)

> The JSON Schema is currently not automatically generated. It can be updated manually [on this repository](https://github.com/SchemaStore/schemastore).	

Reviewer: nit: space at the end
